Adapting to your audience. Think of communication like reading a map. You need
to understand both the roads words and the landmarks cues to get where you're
going. You can't use a one-size-fits-all map for every Journey, your
communication map verbal the words. These are the direct messages. You send
interpersonal quick. Chats One to One S, small group, talks formal scheduled
meetings presentations informal spontaneous networking water, cooler talks.
Nonverbal the cues, these are the unspoken signals facial expressions. What
does a smile or a? Frown really mean gestures hand movements. Body language
silence In some cultures, it means deep thought in others, it might mean
discomfort Spot the Difference, mental exercise. Imagine a formal meeting
versus an informal chat. What are the key? Communication differences? You'd see
and hear Global tip. A simple nod can mean yes in one. Culture, but
I understand, but not necessarily agree in another, always be ready to adapt.